welcome to Julien's magician school your
table is ready now here's something you
can do if you're out and about and you
see some sugar on the table watch
sweet
okay here's the secret to the sugar
vanish the sugar actually goes in the
cup so how do we get it in the cup you
take one of the packets and you tear
about two-thirds of the way so you've
got that little flap remaining on the
top you open the packet and you pour it
in but it is a little secret you do it
before the trick starts that's right
that was an empty pack of the sugar that
I picked up now of course you do this
before the trick start so maybe when
your friend goes off to get some food or
you sneekly do it onto the table and get
it back in there and just remember which
is the empty packet and so when you want
to do your trick you just pick one up
now I pinch the top over the torn bit
and then I tear below it and that really
looks like I am tearing the whole top
off squeeze it up discard the evidence
hahaha
and then it's all acting now remember I
said you have to break up the sugar so
it's not clumped that's all part of
convincing you that that's a normal
sugar packet I open it up and I pour and
I pour carefully I wouldn't pull
haphazardly pour carefully whoops
shake out the last bit don't drop it on
the floor and then like dust off the
sugar that's not there then I taste the
sugar all sweet that's not there then I
show you the sugar that's not there it's
a great little trick now some other
tricks that you can do that around the
when you around the table number 34 the
instant star go to number 35 psychic
straw number 37 the torn and restored
napkin and number 38 the static
electricity ray gun they're all tricks
that you will find most of the things if
you go out to a restaurant alright
remember if I can do it you can do it